= Sequel Migration Builder

Builds sequel migrations based on the differences between an abstract
representation of the desired schema and a database instance.

This is quite a low-level library - it doesn't provide any functionality
to write out migration files, nor does it provide a ruby DSL for defining
your schema (see Schema format below).

This library is also very, very new, so there WILL be bugs.

== Install

    sudo gem install sequel_migration_builder

== Example

    require 'sequel/migration_builder'

    desired_schema = { ... } # see below
    builder = Sequel::MigrationBuilder.new(DB)
    migration_code = builder.generate_migration(desired_schema)
    File.write("001_some_migration.rb", migration_code)

== Schema format

The schema is an abstract representation of the tables in your database,
as a hash. A sample YAML version might look like:

    example_table:
      primary_key: id
      columns:
        - name: id
          column_type: integer
        - name: foo
          column_type: varchar
          default: "bar"
          null: true
          size: 30
     another_table:
       ...

== Requirements

* Sequel 3.12.0 or higher

== TODO

* Dropping tables when they are removed from the schema
* Automigrate functionality
* Dealing with renames in some way (even if just logging that they would be possible).

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Roland Swingler. See LICENSE for details.
